Compiling for Windows: Clarify that VS is Windows only (#5970)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/compiling/compiling_for_windows.rst

          :ref:`doc_data_paths_self_contained_mode` by creating a file called
          ``._sc_`` or ``_sc_`` in the ``bin/`` folder.

Development in Visual Studio
----------------------------

> Using an IDE is not required to compile Godot as SCons takes care of everything,
> but if you intend to do engine development or debugging of the C++ code on a
> Windows development environment, you may be interested in configuring things
> for use in Visual Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an IDE is not required to compile Godot, as SCons takes care of everything.
But if you intend to do engine development or debugging of the engine's C++ code,
you may be interested in configuring a code editor or an IDE.

Folder-based editors don't require any particular setup to start working with Godot's
codebase. To edit projects with Visual Studio they need to be set up as a solution.
```

I'd try to make it sound less like VS is the only game in town, and try to explain why we dedicate a whole section to it (it has its own project system in the form of solutions).

You will be able to open Godot's source in a Visual Studio solution now,
and able to build Godot using Visual Studio's **Build** button.

If you need to edit the build commands, they are located in
"Godot" project settings, NMAKE sheet. SCons is called at the end of
the commands. If you make a mistake, copy the command from one of the
other build configurations (debug, release_debug, release) or

> architectures (Win32/x64); they are equivalent.

Author: I didn't assess how relevant this might still be but it seems to partially overlap with instructions in the dedicated page to configure VS. If some of it is missing there, that's where it should be added.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it's fair to offload this information to the main page about configuring VS.
